Magalie Marcellus: I'm
Magalie Marcellus: The video yet so you can put that back on.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Recording
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, but it's possible that your videos off the only see your pictures. I don't see any alive.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Hmm.
Magalie Marcellus: Yes, hi, and your
Magalie Marcellus: High
Maggie,
Magalie Marcellus: And the app is assigned to you. Okay, um, let me just get your full name, I see you have a different name on the screen right there.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: So no, don't take care
Magalie Marcellus: Now know
Magalie Marcellus: We can back
Carri Jo Riggenbach: My maiden name.
Magalie Marcellus: spell your last name for me.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: G. R.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: E. S.
Magalie Marcellus: And how old are you,
Carri Jo Riggenbach: 47
Magalie Marcellus: So this appointments for the get a little bit of background information.
Magalie Marcellus: The
Magalie Marcellus: On
Magalie Marcellus: Everything that brought you to this program and also to figure out in a while, a bit of best treatment for you and your goals for the treatment. Okay. It takes about 45
Magalie Marcellus: Minutes and everything we're discussing this confidential. The, the only limits of that confidentiality, if there's any concern for your safety of my DLC.
Magalie Marcellus: So you're. When did you start with with by heart.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Oh, we can have a good
Magalie Marcellus: So you put in your class and what brought you to the program.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I was addicted to Perkins, that's
Magalie Marcellus: How you were
Magalie Marcellus: Us.
Magalie Marcellus: History. When did you start with the practice at or what started the whole usage.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Wanted to get high.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: And I started it like probably 12 years ago.
Magalie Marcellus: Was there any physical injury or anything else I was going on at the time.
Magalie Marcellus: That I'm
Magalie Marcellus: So you say 12 years ago. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Any other drugs that you use.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yeah, I'd use cocaine and we put the math.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Acid.
Magalie Marcellus: And this is over a 12 year period.
Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: What was the primary job of choice.
Magalie Marcellus: And how often were you using cocaine.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Maybe three to four times a week.
Magalie Marcellus: And the last time you use cocaine.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Probably a couple years ago.
Magalie Marcellus: A couple
Magalie Marcellus: Did you stop.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: What do you mean
Magalie Marcellus: You said the last time was three years I had. Did you stop using the cocaine or what made you stop.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Oh,
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I don't know, I just stopped.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: No other way with no sickness from it.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Being sick. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. So, did you ever have any withdrawal any point from
Magalie Marcellus: Any drugs, even
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Said no the virtual started
Magalie Marcellus: And while some of the symptoms you experience.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: stomach cramps speaking
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I couldn't get up off the couch, literally.
Magalie Marcellus: And when was the last time you use the Percocet.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Probably a month ago.
Magalie Marcellus: So what happened, a month ago that made you say okay, I need to start to get treatment.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I started buying Suboxone off the street.
Magalie Marcellus: And
Magalie Marcellus: So over the past month the wide before you stop was just beside the pesticide. Was there any other substance.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yeah crystal.
Magalie Marcellus: The crystal meth.
Magalie Marcellus: And when did you start with a customer.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: About two years ago.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: When I start
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: When did you sign
Carri Jo Riggenbach: My couple a
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Couple years ago.
Magalie Marcellus: Stop on your own anytime
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yeah.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Couple weeks ago and
Magalie Marcellus: And prior to that, did you try on your own at all.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Let me try. Try my under stop using it.
Magalie Marcellus: To stop using any type of drugs on your own.
Magalie Marcellus: No, I'm so adding it always fun now. Okay. I bet you say a couple weeks ago. What did you have any success with that.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: No, no.
Magalie Marcellus: Have you had any other treatment for more treatments with any other treatment center.
Magalie Marcellus: And did you notice
Magalie Marcellus: Any tolerance for the any of the jobs that you are using over the past few years.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: Anyone in
Carri Jo Riggenbach: The
Carri Jo Riggenbach: In the math.
Magalie Marcellus: How much of purpose that we use in towards the end.
Magalie Marcellus: How much of the Percocet, though, how much were you using your
Magalie Marcellus: Did you hear me.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Now,
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Can you hear me now.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah. Okay. All right.
Magalie Marcellus: My question was the with the Percocet.
Magalie Marcellus: Are you able to
Carri Jo Riggenbach: How much we
Magalie Marcellus: The packer said how much were you using towards the end.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I was
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Like eight to 1030 today.
Magalie Marcellus: Eight to 10 is that 30 milligram
Magalie Marcellus: Hello.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: What's going on. I know the
Magalie Marcellus: Intimate always have issues so
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yeah, no.
Are you
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, I wanted to confirm you say eight to 1030 is that 30 milligram
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yes.
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Now, where you're dissatisfied.
Magalie Marcellus: With work or home life social life because of the drugs that were using
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yeah, just my life, period.
Magalie Marcellus: And how long you been feeling that way.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: For quite a bit.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: But don't don't make any better. They just make it worse.
Magalie Marcellus: Now will you dissatisfied private or drugs or because of the jets.
Magalie Marcellus: Gone back 12 years ago was going on in your life at the time.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I don't know really
Magalie Marcellus: Anything you can think of that the defining moment that made you feel that you needed something so
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I just
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I just like the high I tried to work five and then went from there. Oh, like the feeling they gave me
Magalie Marcellus: The feeling okay
Magalie Marcellus: And how long you been substance free now.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: A
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Couple weeks.
Magalie Marcellus: So three
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Seven days.
Magalie Marcellus: Ladies,
Magalie Marcellus: Who are the people that support in your right now with your sobriety.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: My kids.
My mom.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yeah, adults.
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: And who do you live where
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I love what my friend.
Magalie Marcellus: And his friend substance free
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Alcohol.
Magalie Marcellus: Well, that'd be any trigger for you.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Know I'm not director
Magalie Marcellus: I you in contact with anybody that you use. So do any type of jobs or getting jobs from right now.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: No, no.
Magalie Marcellus: Not any medical condition that you either had surgery for or that you're dealing with right now.
Magalie Marcellus: No surgeries.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Just, just my tubes tied
Magalie Marcellus: Was that
Carri Jo Riggenbach: 18 years ago.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, wow.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Now she's 21 years ago.
Magalie Marcellus: And any ER visits for any reason.
No.
Magalie Marcellus: So you say you pretty healthy
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: Any
Magalie Marcellus: past history of getting any treatment for any mental health condition, depression, anxiety and PTSD.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yes, I was.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I was on a second. I haven't had it for like three weeks.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Because I don't have a family doctor
Magalie Marcellus: Which one were you on
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Prozac.
Magalie Marcellus: Prozac. Okay. And why was that given to you.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Where
What
Carri Jo Riggenbach: What do you mean
Magalie Marcellus: Why was a reason was that
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Depression, depression, anxiety,
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. And how long were you on it.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Well, like five years ago, I was on it for a couple years. And then I went off of it. And this time, I've only been on it for like a week and I went back off of it.
Magalie Marcellus: Was it effective when you were on it all the time.
Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: We are ever in a hospital for men to have reason.
Know,
Magalie Marcellus: Any history of suicidal thoughts plan.
Magalie Marcellus: Any cutting all other stuff on baby.
Magalie Marcellus: And besides the Prozac. Any other medication that you're given.
No.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so a little bit of your family history who raised you
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Dad and Mom 13 years and I got divorced and then my dad.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so it was mom and dad until they got the voice.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Who decided for us. They would your dad.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Decided that
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: And for your mother. Was there any history of mental health or substance abuse.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yeah, she's got mental health, but she didn't have some substance abuse at first, but now she does.
Magalie Marcellus: You know she thinks
Carri Jo Riggenbach: She takes Percocet.
Magalie Marcellus: And fundamental. How was it ever diagonals.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yeah, she takes manage, but I don't know what crime. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Do you know why was she diagnosed with
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Depression, anxiety,
Magalie Marcellus: And how's your relationship.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: It's getting better.
Magalie Marcellus: How often do you guys communicate
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Couple times a week.
Magalie Marcellus: What made you decide to switch a data set of your mom.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: My sister move with my dad because we are mountain man over us.
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: All right, so with your Witcher that any history of mental illness or substance abuse.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: He drinks.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: couple beers a day.
Magalie Marcellus: Any subs mental how far
Magalie Marcellus: And how the relationship with them.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: He calls me like four times a week.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Florida.
Magalie Marcellus: I does
Magalie Marcellus: HE SAY HE CALLS YOU DO YOU CALL HIM.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Now he calls me
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Most of the time I don't answer, and it gets man.
Magalie Marcellus: How come
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I don't know, because I'm not much of a talker.
Magalie Marcellus: So, um,
Magalie Marcellus: How was your past relationship when they were together.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: As I remember, I think it was all right.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Remember too much from that far back.
Magalie Marcellus: And you mentioned your sister. So tell me how many siblings do you have
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I have one sister three brothers.
Magalie Marcellus: So Tamika How is your sister.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: She's for each other. And she's 46
Magalie Marcellus: And you say you have three brothers.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: What are their ages.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: 4337 and 36
Magalie Marcellus: Any mental health or substance abuse.
Yeah.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: 333 out of four have substance abuse, one of them doesn't
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so
Carri Jo Riggenbach: One does it
Magalie Marcellus: Does anything for your sister.
Magalie Marcellus: Any substance abuse or your sister.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: How
Magalie Marcellus: Any treatment.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Court
Magalie Marcellus: In Ohio with you.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Issue with any of the program that we have was no sometime we have relatives in the same program.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Push the call. No, I tried to get her to get into it.
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Just me.
Magalie Marcellus: And your brothers.
Magalie Marcellus: You say swap them has substance so
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Any mental health for them.
I'm
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Not, I don't know, actually.
Magalie Marcellus: Did you guys live in the same house. Oh, when you were gone. Oh.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Wow. The three oldest we live with our dad.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: My mom.
Magalie Marcellus: Your mom.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yeah, the two youngest and
Magalie Marcellus: So has a relationship with the three oldest. How are you guys
Carri Jo Riggenbach: How are resolved relationship.
Magalie Marcellus: Mm hmm.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Oh good, it's good.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Close.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: And are you all in Ohio different states.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: That know we're all in Ohio, but the youngest one
He's ever doing
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: A Navy.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, cool.
Magalie Marcellus: Marital status.
Magalie Marcellus: Right now.
Magalie Marcellus: How would you describe your town.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Okay, I was normal.
Magalie Marcellus: How was school for you.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I didn't graduate
High School.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: My senior year.
Magalie Marcellus: What happened.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Wanted me to go back a whole nother year and cities to study halls and I did want to
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Tell you
Magalie Marcellus: Why did you ever go back when you're training or anything like that.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: No, no know
Magalie Marcellus: That in school. Were you getting any special classes and he ran into somebody
Carri Jo Riggenbach: No.
Magalie Marcellus: Student
Magalie Marcellus: What kind of grades were you getting
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Oh, not good ones.
Magalie Marcellus: Where you going to school.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yeah, but I sleep a lot in school.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so you were there, but not present.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yes, exactly.
Magalie Marcellus: And in terms of friends who who's in your circle right now.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I got
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Really like three good friends and the restaurant queen.
Magalie Marcellus: And would you consider those fans supporter
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Any friends from your childhood, since you
Magalie Marcellus: Grew up in Ohio.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Any history of abuse or neglect for you.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I was abused by my first, my second husband.
Magalie Marcellus: Domestic violence and sexual abuse or sexual assault.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: No, no sexual
Magalie Marcellus: You say that was a first husband.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: No second husband. I'm sorry.
Magalie Marcellus: Second. Okay. Was there any
Magalie Marcellus: Law enforcement involvement, anything like that.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Was there any
Magalie Marcellus: Any law enforcement, I was it ever we pointed 21
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yes, yes.
Magalie Marcellus: How long ago was that
Carri Jo Riggenbach: 1516 years ago.
Magalie Marcellus: So girlfriend's name. And the age
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Of 25
Okay.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: MIRANDA she's 22
Magalie Marcellus: Uh huh.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: She's the one
Magalie Marcellus: Giving those last, the last one was any
Magalie Marcellus: Hayley Hayley. Okay, and you say she has 21 yeah
Magalie Marcellus: Who do they live with.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: My day they all live by themselves.
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Any of them any substance issues.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Now, WELL, MY TWO YOUNGEST probably had mental health.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: And I'll dig my my girls drink a little but not, they don't drink a lot
Carri Jo Riggenbach: And my son.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: smokes weed.
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Good have any children.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: No, no grandchildren.
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Any other concerns in regards to your children.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Know,
Magalie Marcellus: You mentioned the mental health. Was it never diagnose or would they get in treatment for something
Carri Jo Riggenbach: They were getting treatment. I don't know if they still are.
Magalie Marcellus: What was it for us.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Depression.
Magalie Marcellus: So what's your employment status right now.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I just got I lost my jobs because I took Xanax
Carri Jo Riggenbach: And
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I just started working with my brother yesterday or today.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so you say you lost your job because, well, you like tested or something.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yeah I passed out on a machine.
Magalie Marcellus: Or you pass that on what kind of work you and Dawn.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I was plastic totes
Magalie Marcellus: Factory.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: When that happened,
Carri Jo Riggenbach: About a month ago.
Magalie Marcellus: Passed out before any seizures because of substance.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: No, no.
Magalie Marcellus: So you say you just started working with the, with all
Carri Jo Riggenbach: My brother.
Magalie Marcellus: What kind of work.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Construction
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: What do you do
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I'm gonna start painting.
Magalie Marcellus: Or painting. Have you done that before.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yeah I don't particularly care for, but
It's something
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yep.
Magalie Marcellus: Any other source of income.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: No.
Magalie Marcellus: What do you consider your hobbies are things you like to do
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Watch TV.
Magalie Marcellus: So good pass sign
Magalie Marcellus: So now you know this.
Magalie Marcellus: NASA. Okay, now you're sleeping over.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Anything to do with
Magalie Marcellus: The medication or is it just you.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Just may
Magalie Marcellus: Able to sleep at night as well.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: We are just like a lot
Oh,
Magalie Marcellus: Typically I hear the opposite, but
Magalie Marcellus: But even sleeping too much is not good either.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: So yeah, I know.
Magalie Marcellus: We're not
Ready.
Magalie Marcellus: makes you more tired.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: So what are your typical we've seen right now.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I don't have one right now.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Vendors right now.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: So I start work.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Okay works.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: For sleeping.
Magalie Marcellus: And then that gets you out into something. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: How's the weather down there.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: It's rainy today.
Magalie Marcellus: Is it so color. Is it a
Magalie Marcellus: Little bit.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: It's just raining. Where you at,
Magalie Marcellus: I'm in Florida.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Oh, sure. My dad. Yeah.
It's
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, and
Magalie Marcellus: I'm in South Florida.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Oh, but
Magalie Marcellus: What was that
Carri Jo Riggenbach: How's the weather there.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Oh, it's
Magalie Marcellus: Nice can't complain. It's not too hot, not too. Not too chilly, but it's good. Now, and a few days, you know, every time once in a while, get a little bit cool, but we don't get can't complain. So when Ohio, are you
Magalie Marcellus: wanna call it.
Magalie Marcellus: Means all your mentor. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Any history of any type of legal issues for you.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yeah, I'm on probation right now.
Magalie Marcellus: What for
Carri Jo Riggenbach: drug possession
Magalie Marcellus: How long you been on probation.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: A year.
Magalie Marcellus: Or yeah
Magalie Marcellus: Any drug court or is it
Carri Jo Riggenbach: No, no.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. So how long are you supposed to be on the probation.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: For three years.
Magalie Marcellus: So you have to laugh.
Magalie Marcellus: Back.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: There you go. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: How many more years. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Any other arrest and I'll pass.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: YEAH. Robin operation quite
Magalie Marcellus: A few times. How old were you when you were your first is
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Probably 30
Magalie Marcellus: On a Saturday.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. So was it mostly for the substance or was there other things.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: On the shortage
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Mostly substance.
Magalie Marcellus: You drive
Magalie Marcellus: We have a license.
Now,
Magalie Marcellus: Did you ever have.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: A shitty
Magalie Marcellus: You get around you, the patient, their friend or
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Family
Magalie Marcellus: Is your area. Okay, to walk.
Magalie Marcellus: The walk
Magalie Marcellus: Oh,
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yeah, there's some
Magalie Marcellus: Any
Magalie Marcellus: Cigarettes for you, tobacco products.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: Is this something you consider in
Magalie Marcellus: Decreasing all in. I already to do anything with that.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: No. No. No, really.
Magalie Marcellus: Have been smoking.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: About 20 years
Magalie Marcellus: And now, you said there's no medical condition.
Magalie Marcellus: That pressure any heart condition a ton of this nature.
Magalie Marcellus: What would you like to see happen in a program. What I saw your goals.
Magalie Marcellus: Hi, you fill in. So far the past toy.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: My toy.
Magalie Marcellus: I think if I get
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Depressing up a better
Magalie Marcellus: If you get on one
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Second,
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: When do you see a doctor for them.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I have to make an appointment for that.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: It takes forever to get into a place up here. They are way behind on Twitter, just a pain in the ass.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. So, where, where you are, what facility was providing the medication for you.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so is it not close why or what's going on with that.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Does not work.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Alright, so what's the
Magalie Marcellus: What's the time frame. When do you plan to make that phone call and
Magalie Marcellus: Why a couple weeks.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I don't know.
Magalie Marcellus: Wait.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay cuz you said I was gonna help will help you feel better. So
Magalie Marcellus: We need to start working on a time for my fees to start making the calls, because I don't know. And you mentioned, I don't know, what's the how long it's gonna take you to get an actual appointment.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: So right
Magalie Marcellus: Don't want until late longer than necessary.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, and in right now, and any cravings, or things that may trigger you to going back to your always
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I got cravings.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: And what do you do on those. Come on.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: No money when
You say,
Magalie Marcellus: You go to sleep. Okay.
React from
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so you say money, I'm sorry. It's kind of like waking up.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, you don't have the money to
Magalie Marcellus: Act on them.
Magalie Marcellus: Right. But even if you have the money. We don't want to be using the money for that.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Right, right.
Magalie Marcellus: So what are the alternative way that
Magalie Marcellus: That's reasonable. And then that you can actually use to make sure you know you don't act on those Cravens
Magalie Marcellus: Legal sleep.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yeah, call support.
Magalie Marcellus: Yes, for sure. And
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Those are found like some good reasonable ways to get started because eventually you know day is gonna lesson. But right now, you right into the early stages. So it's gonna be there. We just have to kind of work through it.
Okay, so
Magalie Marcellus: And again, we have a lot of people has been very successful on the program. So you just have to keep working at it.
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: And
Magalie Marcellus: Right now. Did you did you get an actual group time already. Or is that works.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I didn't get
Magalie Marcellus: I'm sure the virtual clinic. Well, which are to you so they can give you
Magalie Marcellus: A schedule for your group because that's going to be part of it for you to meet with a doctor and get your prescription as well.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Okay, hiring another next another doctor's appointment yet.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: What I'd suggest because because you're still early on and look in the process. So it's good that I get to meet with you right in the beginning, don't get that part out of the way.
Magalie Marcellus: But definitely some I will reach out to you to tell you because as part of the program for you to have the group the weekly group meetings.
Magalie Marcellus: And this is where you meet with a doctor to kind of to check in and also to get your prescription
Okay.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Any other concerns or things that you feel that would be helpful for you.
Know,
Magalie Marcellus: Do you have you ever been to any other support group outside like any, any of those type of
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Things and I really
Magalie Marcellus: You've been to me. Okay. Anything recent or in the past.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Nothing route to region.
Magalie Marcellus: And I'm fun now I'm just gonna
Magalie Marcellus: The way it works. Was that I am the type is assigned to you. So typically what I do, if there's any need for us to have a regular session and we would schedule, you know, something to kind of
Magalie Marcellus: Get you situated because once you start the program I want you to be connected and also to this is how to help you be successful.
Magalie Marcellus: So, um,
Magalie Marcellus: What I'll do I have to check in with virtual clinic and see where you are in terms of the group and see what are the days of available because I would like to have his check in with you and see how things go. And then we can can then you won't have to meet as often.
Magalie Marcellus: Once you get you know you you get on pretty stable in the program. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: So I'm going to make sure
Magalie Marcellus: And you provided a good email for them to which you're able to follow up with your for any reason.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: All right, I'll tell you what. Wait now or what I'll do. I'll have to check in, because I need to have an idea when you have good then it'll be easier for me to schedule based on the days that you don't have to have
Magalie Marcellus: checked my calendar and get back to you with that. But definitely will be meeting. If not,
Magalie Marcellus: Within the next two weeks. So just to check in and see where you are. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Good. You'll either get a call from of get on
Magalie Marcellus: Some type of communication from virtual clinic or you probably get an email for me to figure out the schedule. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Any questions for me.
Magalie Marcellus: Well, you know, I'm wishing you all the best and
Magalie Marcellus: You know, this is the first steps to getting you back. So on track with, you know, getting off the substance and making sure that you get to a point where you want to be and start working on your goals.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: All right. Okay. Well, this is all for tonight. And now we'll be in touch soon.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Thank you.
Magalie Marcellus: Have a good night. You take care of yourself.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: You chip away.